Flybot - a simple, extensible IRC bot written in Common Lisp.

Work in progress.  Contact the author for assistance if you use this library.

GETTING STARTED

The best interface to use is the configuration file.  Once a config file is
set up (see CONFIGURATION SYNTAX, below) the bot can be started with FLYBOT:START
and stopped with FLYBOT:STOP.

START takes one optional key argument, a configuration file's filename;
the default is «[homedir]/.flybot».

SKIPPING CONFIGURATION

If the configuration file mechanism isn't suitable for some reason, you can
use the underlying mechanism.

WCONNECT is a simple wrapper around IRC:CONNECT.  The key arguments should
be self-explanatory.

*CONNECTIONS* is a list of connections.  STOP takes care of removing quit connections,
so be wary.

MAIN-LOOP takes a connection as an argument, and starts the main loop.  SPAWN-MAIN-LOOP
does the same, but in a new thread (you must have bordeaux-threads loaded - as of now
(August 2012) it's a transitive dependency anyway).

You can use IRC's functions JOIN, QUIT, etc. to deal with your connections.

Example session:

> (flybot:wconnect :server "irc.freenode.net" :channels '("#lispbot"))
> (flybot:main-loop (first flybot:*connections*))
[...]
[interrupt]
> (flybot:quit (first flybot:*connections*) "Bye!")

CONFIGURATION SYNTAX

An example configuration file should be provided as «example_config.sexp».

A configuration file consists of a series of Lisp forms,
each of which should be one of the following directives:

(nickname ...)
(username ...)
(realname ...)
(pass ...)

Each of the above sets the global configuration value appropriately.

(logfile ...)

The argument should be a filename, which is used for logging output.

(server ...)

Takes two arguments, the server address and a port to connect on.
Additional directives may be specified as additional arguments.  These
directives are then set on a per-server basis, rather than globally.

Additionally, within (server ...) a (channel ...) directive is available.
The argument should be a channel name, which is autojoined on connection
to that server.